Papers: 

Liang, Yuting, and Reza Samavi. "Advanced defensive distillation with ensemble voting and noisy logits." Applied Intelligence 53.3 (2023): 3069-3094.

Yuting Liang and Reza Samavi. Towards Robust Deep Learning with Ensemble Networks and Noisy Layers. AAAI Workshop on RSEML, 2021 (https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.01507)



# nn_robust_ensemble

## Getting Started
A large part of the code is based on Carlini's nn_robust_attacks project https://github.com/carlini/nn_robust_attacks. The functions written specifically for this project are preceded by comments to briefly describe what they are. Comments also appear in important steps in the code.

### Prerequisites
The following python modules are required to run this code:
- Numpy (general array manipulations and utilities)
- Tensorflow 
- Keras (neural network models)
- Matplotlib (graphing utilities)
```
pip install matplotlib
```
### Training the ensemble
To train the ensemble of networks, run the script _train_models_main.py_.

### Running the tests
Both tests for transferability (single network attack) as well as superimposition attacks are in the script _test_models_main.py_. In the script, specifiy the dataset (MNIST or CIFAR) and one of the following models:
- MNISTModel (simple MNIST ensemble)
- MNISTDPModel (MNIST ensemble with noisy inputs)
- CIFARModel (simple CIFAR ensemble)
- CIFARDPModel (CIFAR ensemble with noisy inputs)

### Processing the results (optional)
The script _process_results_main.py_ can be used to process the raw results from the tests. It will generate statistics from the test result files generated by _test_models_main.py_.


